[Detections RBAC] Update references to detections RBAC (#3874)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/security/get-started/automatic-migration.md

You can ingest your data before migrating your assets, or migrate your assets first in which case the tool will recommend which data sources you need to power your migrated rules.

::::{admonition} Requirements
* The `SIEM migrations: All` Security sub-feature privileges.

> * {applies_to}`serverless: ` Your role must also have `Rules: All` privilege.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `SIEM migrations: All` Security sub-feature privilege.
* {applies_to}`serverless: ` The `Rules: All` Security sub-feature privilege.
```
